[Music]
all righty polish up that big brain of
yours because we have 13 riddles that
are trickier than they seem at first
glance and maybe even second glance some
of the riddles you're about to see may
seem way too easy at first glance but
don't let that fool you only the
brightest minds will be able to solve
these puzzles think you got what it
takes I know you do so let's get to it
question 1 look carefully at the animals
on the screen we got a cat cheetah camel
pig crocodile and finally a chicken one
of the animals doesn't belong on the
list which one is it you have 15 seconds
to figure it out but feel free to pause
the video if you need more time
[Music]
answer are you ready to let the cat out
of the bag well the cat's fine
it was actually the pig that was the odd
one out it's the only animal whose name
doesn't start with a letter see if you
caught this detail nice job but don't
get too confident there are 12 more
riddles to go question 2 here we have
four triangles and a whole bunch of
seemingly random numbers study them
carefully and try to figure out what
number should be inside the fourth one
your 15 seconds start now answer if you
look close enough at the first three
triangles you'll see a repeating pattern
the number inside the triangle is the
result of subtracting the number on the
left from the one on the top and then
multiplying that by the number on the
right for example in the first triangle
six minus two equals four and four times
two is eight which is exactly the number
inside the triangle use the same formula
for the last triangle and you'll get the
right answer which is three this one had
me so stumped did you get it let us know
in the comments all right moving on
question number three
you have seven guests at your birthday
party and you've got to figure out how
to cut your round birthday cake only
three times to make eight equal sized
slices seven for your guests and one for
you of course
times a-tickin and your guests are
waiting for their cake so get going
[Music]
answer well first off you have to cut
vertically right down the middle of the
cake to make two equal pieces
do the same thing but this time
horizontally to make four slices your
third and final cut should be laterally
across the cake which will quickly turn
your four slices into eight so how'd you
do on this one and no worries he still
got tons more question number four there
are six glasses in front of you the
first three are full while the other
three are empty
how can you arrange them so that they
alternate in a full empty full pattern
oh and you can move only one glass good
luck
[Music]
answer just pick up the second glass and
pour the water into the fifth one
voila now they alternate hey you only
move one glass nobody said you couldn't
do anything with the contents yeah that
was sly question number five this time
we have the simplest question for you
how many cubes are in this image 15
seconds on the clock go answer he didn't
say six did you uh-oh there are actually
nine cubes in this picture the three at
the bottom aren't visible but they do
exist and still count yeah I didn't do
so well with this one what about you
okay let's pull ourselves together we
have another shot question number six
the ages of this father and son add up
to make 66 the digits of the father's
age are the same one as his sons just
reversed in some way of course so what
are their ages
[Music]
answer you've got some wiggle room on
this one because there are actually
three possible answers the fathers sixty
years old while his boy is six
hey go dad or dad's 42 and his son is 24
and finally the father is 51 and the son
is 15 did you get any of them or even
more than one
if so high-five come on bro don't leave
me hanging right there you go
by the way if you want to flex your
brain muscles and solve some more fun
puzzles check out our other short tests
you know the more you solve these types
of puzzles the better you get at them so
keep practicing and now we'll keep
practicing with more questions on this
list question number seven here we have
six squares with numbers inside them but
one square is empty so the question is
what goes in the last square
[Music]
answer the last box shouldn't contain a
number but the letter R these numbers
are actually the imprint you see on a
stick shift the first five gears and
then reverse still lost it's okay
ask your parents or grandparents they
didn't have fancy schmancy automatic
transmission back in their day the next
one won't be a trick question
scouts honor here we go question number
8 no tricks here but how about some math
we have a series of numbers from 1 to 9
without changing their order
insert plus and minus signs between them
so the final equation equals 100 but
you're limited to only 3 pluses or
minuses total you have some time to
think about it but not much
[Music]
answer
I'm sure only real math lovers came out
with the right answer of 123 minus 45
minus 67 plus 89 equals 100 ah gee sorry
- the liberal arts majors out there but
it's okay
you still have your chance to improve
your final score on this test let's move
on to the next question question 9 here
we have 10 trees replant them so that
they make 5 rows with 4 trees each sound
impossible just take your time
[Music]
answer the answer here is so painfully
simple and seemingly obvious once you
see it just make sort of a star shape
with the trees everything's as it should
be exactly five rows each with four
trees if you've got this one your logic
skills are truly above and beyond ni
envy you you brat
question 10 look closely at this picture
and try to determine which of these
bottom lines is a continuation of the
top one answer the bottom of the top
segment is this line here on the right
yeah it was about time for an easier one
give that big noggin of yours a break
yeah but we're not done yet so let's
keep it moving question 11 here we have
two seemingly perfect watches but look
closely one of them is real while the
other one is just a toy which one is
which your time starts now
[Music]
answer the watch on the left is the toy
how can you tell it's minute hand is way
too long to work its way around the face
of the clock so the one on the right is
real it's as simple as that
question 12 let's try a murder mystery
shall we
a woman has been murdered in a
restaurant bathroom how rude
I mean was that before or after she paid
the check well actually it doesn't
matter so can you find out who the
killer is just by looking at this
picture good luck detective
[Music]
answer its the man under number four
look closely he's sitting near the
restroom his knife is missing and his
shirt is ripped at the bottom and take a
look at the victim once again there's a
piece of his shirt in her hand a scratch
on his neck doesn't leave much to the
imagination either case closed Sherlock
question 13 any Chicago Bulls fans out
there check out this NBA teams logo
everything seems as it should but
there's something hiding here what can
you see other than the bull
[Music]
answer flip the Bulls logo upside down
and it's a robot reading a book on a
park bench and now you'll never be able
to unsee this you're welcome so how many
riddles did you solve tell us in the
comments don't forget to hit the like
button and share this video with your
friends to see how many riddles they'll
be able to crack you can find even more
fun quizzes on our channel so make sure
to subscribe join us on the bright side
[Music]
you